Swot allows you to figure out whether a particular email address or domain
is associated with an academic institution providing higher education in
tertiary, quaternary and post-secondary education.

== Email addresses belonging to academic institutions

    Swot::academic?('lreilly@stanford.edu')          # true
    Swot::academic?('lreilly@slac.stanford.edu')     # true
    Swot::academic?('lreilly@strath.ac.uk')          # true
    Swot::academic?('lreilly@soft-eng.strath.ac.uk') # true
    Swot::academic?('lee@ugr.es')                    # true
    Swot::academic?('lee@uottawa.ca')                # true

== Email addresses not belonging to academic institutions

    Swot::academic?('lee@leerilly.net')              # false
    Swot::academic?('lee@gmail.com')                 # false
    Swot::academic?('lee@stanford.edu.com')          # false
    Swot::academic?('lee@strath.ac.uk.com')          # false

* is this email address from an academic institution?

== Contributing to email

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Known Issues / Bugs

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Lee Reilly. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

